The Joe Rogan experience.
In a young life,
you have accomplished incredible things like for people that don't know you want
an Olympic gold medalist at 17, and then you wanted again, four years later.
Yup. The only American boxer ever,
I think like only another sport, like no boxers ever done that right in.
America, not from America, just.
Me. And uh, I mean,
you've gone multiple weight classes and now you consider in fighting in MMA.
I mean, you, you kind of cleared out boxing in a lot of ways.
It's always something more to be accomplished in boxing,
but I'm venturing off into MMA because I really want to see
am I as good as I think I am? And I think I am.
So I'm excited to be fighting with the PFL later on this year and just
taking it from there and seeing what happens.
Well, I think when someone is as good as you are at boxing,
you could basically do anything you want in life.
You just have to put the same amount of focus that you put on boxing to whatever
it is,
but you apply yourself to rare human beings that can do what you've been able to
do. It's a rare person.
Peace, proper preparation prevents poor performance.
So in MMA, I'm not coming over like, Hey, I'm in boxing, gym box,
all you girls up. It's like, I'm at Jackson wink gym, you know,
with coach Jackson, coach.
I've seen you throw kegs. I was very impressed.
I can't believe you're already that good. It's real. I was like, wow,
maybe she put, you were throwing high kicks. Yeah.
And I can go up that high today, showed me the technique up. And I was like,
whoa, this is insane.
Do you stretch all the time? Are you a person who like when you were boxing?
I mean, I know most athletes stretch,
but having a full split is not really,
it's not really required to punch people, but you obviously have very flexible.
I've been doing yoga for the past few months. So I was able to kick high.
When I first went to Jackson, wink gym in December, I was able to kick high,
but not for very long, I probably would get two or three good high case.
Now my yo let's bring it down a level now from all the stretching,
when they got that pad up there and they like kick it,
I just do the form in my leg and go up there over and over and over again,
just from the stretching and actually being a bit more flexible than what I was
before. So I stretched, but I stretch more serious. Now what.
Brought you into yoga? Um.
Really, it was the MMA fans, to be honest, they're like,
you're going to have to stretch and you know, people that are on there,
you know, talking trash or whatever trolls, but they were saying like,
I read a lot of comments and I'm like, they're like, you know,
she's going to have a problem with kicking. She's not flexible.
Her legs are big, blah, blah, blah.
So I would read some of that stuff and do my own research. And I'm like,
they're right.
So my goal for one of my new year's resolutions was to be able to do the splits
by the end of the year. So I have a yoga teacher, um,
and me and her go like upon, upon zoom twice a week.
And she's like having me do these stretches and I'm like, girl,
you is something else. Her name is Sakina.
Have you done a hot yoga ever? No.
Not yet. I heard it's brutal though.
It is brutal for sure.
But one good thing about it is when you get that hot and sweaty,
your muscles become really pliable and you can make really good gains that way.
Like in terms of flexibility.
Oh, maybe. Yeah. Maybe I should try it with.
Stickiness. Yeah.
I always find that I'm way more flexible in a hot yoga class than I am anywhere
else you can do it. The splits. Yeah. I can do the splits.
Academy.
I'm old. I started when I was 15, you know.
And you still do splits. Your body is like jacked up.
You should not be able to do this place.
Oh,
there's a guy who fights for one FC that makes me look like a twig.
His name is Elaine and golly, he's super jacked.
And he's one of the most flexible guys I've ever seen in my life. Oh,
insanely flexible, but flexible everywhere. His spine is flexible. He can,
he can bend over backwards, standing and touch the back of his, like his touch,
his palms to the ground and then flip his feet over the top.
His Instagram's incredible. Cause he's built like a superhero.
See if he can find his, uh, his Instagram he's built like a super,
I mean like a freak of nature, but incredibly flexible.
Wow. Yeah. He just puts a lot of time and dedication to flexibility.
You can, it can be done. It's just there he is. Look at him. I mean,
come on. And when you see this guy,
when you see this guy move and you see him fight, I mean,
do the video once so you could see him. Oh no, no,
go that one right there with the dude,
the blue shorts right in front where he had kicks his dude, watch this guy.
I mean, you see his, his flexibility is incredible.
But that's one thing about the kids though.
You really have to condition or shins for that. Oh yeah.
Remember when I first started,
I was like probably like five kicks in and I'm like, yeah.
Right.
Yeah. Just the bag itself. Then when we went up to the pads, I'm like, coach,
you got softer pads series. He's like champ. These are my Sophos ones.
I'm like.
It takes a while. It takes, while you see some people,
they start whacking their shins with like a Coke bottles and stuff like that.
Just trying to toughen them up to do all kinds of things.
They're shooting really hard.
Now.
Oh, there you are. Look at this seriously. Superman punches, everything,
head kicks.
The thing is some of the stuff I learned.
I liked Superman punch that same day. So when he showed me at one time,
we just started doing it and he was like, you're doing good.
Like I can look at it now and tell you my mistakes right now.
But I'm not going to say too much. Cause I fixed them already.
But sometime when I throw like the head kicks, my kicks would, my,
my hands would go down at the same time. How did you get.
To Jackson? Winkle John? Because first of all,
you couldn't have picked a better gym to train out the one of the best gyms in
the world, but what, what brought you there?
Um, actually I've always had like,
I believe in technique and training, people may look at me boxing me, but oh,
she just naturally fast. She naturally strongly like, no,
I am strategically smart in boxing and I have a lot of skill.
I may look like I'm a beast out there,
but it takes a lot of skill to land those punches, body work defense, which is,
I probably got hit three times in my last fight.
When one of your fights, what was that woman from God?
What was her name was your first world title fight. She was a blonde lady.
Nikki Atler yeah. She went a whole round without landing a single punch on you.
And I, not in that fight in the fifth round. Yeah.
You, anybody that doesn't think that you have technique?
Just doesn't understand boxing.
Oh, she's a.
Woman. You can't respond to those people. You can't even, no,
you clearly have superior technique.
I agree. No, so far MMA. I was just like,
I already had signed a contract with the PFL and now I'm like, okay, how,
what do you have to do for the five piece to play in effect? And I was like,
I need to get the best trainer. And I just remember like in 2016,
me and Johnny bones, we were talking at the ESPYs and he was like, yo,
you be the perfect boxer to come over to MMA. And I was like.
It's true. Cause you're really young. You wouldn't be 25.
Yeah. I turned 26 in two days. Yeah. Super. Yeah.
Well an early happy birthday to you. Thank you.
So that's a perfect age because you're you still are capable of getting elite at
all the arts. You're still, you could get a lead at Brazilian jujitsu.
You can get a lead at striking with kicking and tie. You can. I mean,
you're young enough that you could do all that.
Yeah.
I think you're just all about like one having the right teachers and also
getting in there and doing it. But I mean, having a, having a buddy to do it,
like, I'm glad that I didn't wait till I was like 35, you know, 36,
because then I would just be starting. It sent me back and it'd be like,
I'm going to here starting new. And my body isn't even in his prime,
like right now, I don't think that my body has, has, has peaked yet.
Like where I've been as strong as I can be as fast as I can be.
I still think like I'm like right there.
I just haven't I haven't touched my, my, okay.
This is the best my body can be at. I haven't, I haven't touched that yet.
Pro athlete there, your prime is somewhere between 28 and 32. I think they say,
cause that's when your body lines up with your brain.
I was hoping it was 26. Maybe.
It was 26. I was hoping ice and won the world title at 20, you know,
it's like John Jones won the world title at 22. It's like you can, it was 23.
It was John Jones, 22 or 23. He's the youngest ever UFC champion.
He was 21. No, no he wasn't 21.
He was either 22 or 23 because 23. Okay. Cause before that,
I think it was Josh Barnett and he won the heavyweight title. I think it was 24,
you know, but there's, it's, you know, it's different for everybody.
Like some people peak young. Some people, they, as they get older,
they get smarter. So they understand their body better.
And so maybe their body doesn't quite work as well as it did when they were 24.
But they're a better athlete at 30 or 32 just because they know what to do and
how to do it better.
They understand they have a better communication with their body,
but that's like what you're doing by doing yoga.
And even by expanding into martial arts, that's the key.
It's like keeping your body doing different things.
And then you go understand your body more,
the more different stuff you do with it.
So when did you start training in MMA? December. Just December.
And how often are you doing it?
Um, I was at Jackson when Jim three weeks at a time.
So I'll be there three weeks, go home a week, come back, three weeks,
go home a week, come back three weeks. Um,
I was doing that because I really just,
I like to just have my time when I'm at home, my family and my boyfriend.
I don't like just train and train and train and train and it shouldn't drive you
crazy. So I'm like, I gotta leave. So now, uh,
starting back in, after my birthday in April,
I'll be up in Jackson wink for three weeks, but I only go home weekend.
So I'll be there three weeks and then go home for Friday, Saturday, Sunday,
fly back Sunday, be there three weeks again until I have my actual fight.
So is the plan to continue boxing as well as fighting in MMA?
Yeah.
The overall goal for me is to be champion in boxing and be a champion in may at
the same time, once that's done,
then I don't know what else I could possibly do.
Like that'd be like the end game for me, that's it.
So I know I can be tempting in boxing,
which is very easy to do because I already accomplished so much
in boxing and the girl just can't with me in boxing. Let's keep it real.
But even it may.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expenses.